CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Using this Repository

1. We take all comments, suggestions or contributions directly via our [Issues Tracker](https://github.com/WordPress/Documentation-Issue-Tracker/issues)
2. Follow the issue template's guidelines and provide as much information as possible
3. Work with the documentation team to get the issues resolved!

## Resolving Issues

Any documentation team member is able to pick up issues opened by contributors. 

Whether you pick up an issue to work on or are simply implementing the changes suggested by someone else, please make sure you do the following

1. Label the issues accordingly
2. Assign yourself so that people know that the issue is being picked up
3. Close the issue when the implementation has been finished.

If you do not have the permission to assign issues to yourself, please ask in the issue and we'll do the assignment as necessary.

## Getting Recognition

We want to make sure people know that you've contributed. We would be happy to acknowledge your contribution.

Please add your details to our [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hAPORz_yl4UTerPo8Tl5j_Xznfpm_NItrNftoXwBqvA/edit#gid=1730522902) - we assign badges monthly.

Commit message:

add good first issue link

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Using this Repository

1. We take all comments, suggestions or contributions directly via our [Issues Tracker](https://github.com/WordPress/Documentation-Issue-Tracker/issues)
2. Follow the issue template's guidelines and provide as much information as possible
3. Work with the documentation team to get the issues resolved!

## Resolving Issues

Any documentation team member is able to pick up issues opened by contributors. 

Is this your first time here to contribute? Great! We're so glad you are here! You can find a list of "good first issues" [here](https://github.com/WordPress/Documentation-Issue-Tracker/labels/good%20first%20issue).

Whether you pick up an issue to work on or are simply implementing the changes suggested by someone else, please make sure you do the following

1. Label the issues accordingly
2. Assign yourself so that people know that the issue is being picked up
3. Close the issue when the implementation has been finished.

If you do not have the permission to assign issues to yourself, please ask in the issue and we'll do the assignment as necessary.

## Getting Recognition

We want to make sure people know that you've contributed. We would be happy to acknowledge your contribution.

Please add your details to our [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hAPORz_yl4UTerPo8Tl5j_Xznfpm_NItrNftoXwBqvA/edit#gid=1730522902) - we assign badges monthly.
